Author: Alexander Dibb
Date: 05/08/2017

REPORT:

This file contains a brief summary of cogent details regarding
Project 1 and the code I've written for it. 

USPSv1:

As far as I can tell, this functions fine. GDB and Valgrind
report no issues with it. I'm not happy with how complicated
the main function is. Were I redoing the project, I would
(among many, MANY other things) break it apart some. 

USPSv2:

Not my finest moment, I'm afraid. (See: THIS WHOLE PROJECT.) 
There is only one major issue that I can identify but not 
correct. While both GDB and Valgrind report no problems, executing 
the program results in an inexplicable number of orphaned and zombie 
processes - even though fork() is never called more than the number 
of child processes AND all those child processes complete. It's 
baffling. Probably to do with that thrice-damned 16-hour-in-making 
SIGUSR1 pause-everything nonsense after all the forks. Yecch.

USPSv3:

Made a few quality changes. Not enough to really make it, but a few
things like swapping nanosleep() for sleep(). The round robin 
scheduler works, but it's rickety. There's gotta be a race condition
somewhere in there, probably with all the SIGCHLDs floating around. 
Still have that problem with zombie processes, and if you run a lot
of really fast processes they don't all get cleaned up right and the
USPS deadlocks. Happens reliably if you include a bunch of 'echo' 
commands in the workload.

Valgrind is noooooot happy with it. Neither am I, really. I get 
memory leaks from blocks I freed in earlier versions and didn't 
touch the code for them. I probably did something I thought was 
clever and broke everything else in doing so. 

USPSv4:

N/A. Just not enough time. I chose to try and polish off USPSv3 the
best I could rather than build an outright bad v4 on already shaky
ground. 

Overall:

On the one hand, I flubbed this badly. I left it too long and 
let midterms week blind me to the fact that this project was due 
immediately after. I remember trying to work on it earlier, but 
chose to put it off because we hadn't covered processes at the
time. I SHOULD NOT HAVE DONE THAT. I'm sorry. 

On the other hand. I'm taking four 400-level CIS courses in the 
same quarter and fighting chronic insomnia on top of that. My 
circadian rhythm is a bad joke at this point. I'd ask for leniency
in light of that, but I think I already know the answer. I'll figure 
something out. 
